# Question-Genrator

In the old educational system, teachers face many challenges in making and maintaining of question banks that align with the study plan given to them. The original method of creating questions is very time-consuming, requires great specialization in the subject and often leads to minor mistakes as all humans can make mistakes. This problem has many roots for example, the diverse curriculum which is spread across different regions makes it tough for tough for teachers to add all types of questions, this is linked with the second root that as the education system is updated every year it becomes tough for educators to include all important questions. Lastly, teachers already have heavy workload and the task of making and maintaining such question banks will detiorate their times which they can utilize in engaging with students.

An AI-driven solution could help this process by automatically creating question banks that are aligned with study plans. This system would use natural language processing and machine learning to determine curriculum, to identify learning objectives, and generate questions that are diverse in curriculum as well as in difficulty.Also it is capable in extracting the main nouns or the keywords from the paragraph and then extract the sentence where the one noun entered by the user is present. I Further, this solution would also provide teachers with the option to customize the generated questions to suit the needs of their students. This AI solution would not only save teachers time but also enhance the quality of student assessments, which will lead to an improved educational system.
